Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#5)
executablebooks/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

Keywords/emojis are adapted from [Emoji-Log](https://github.com/ahmadawais/Emoji-Log) and [gitmoji](https://github.com/carloscuesta/gitmoji) and should be one of the following (brackets contain [GitHub emoji markup](https://gist.github.com/rxaviers/7360908) for reference):

- `‼️ BREAKING:` (`:bangbang:`) — to introduce a back-incompatible change(s) (and/or remove deprecated code).
- `✨ NEW:` (`:sparkles:`) — to introduce a new feature(s).
- `👌 IMPROVE:` (`:ok_hand:`) — to improve an existing code/feature (with no breaking changes).
- `🐛 FIX:` (`:bug:`) — to fix a code bug.
- `📚 DOCS:` (`:books:`) — to add new documentation.

> - `👀 REVISE:` (`:eyes:`) — to revise minor issues (like typos) which should not appear in a changelog.

Author: ```suggestion
- `🔧 MAINTAIN:` (`:wrench:`) — to make minor changes (like fixing typos) which should not appear in a changelog.
```
